---
title: "AGU 2025"
---

:::{attention}
This page is a work in progress! Please check back soon for more details.
:::

A session proposed by the GeoJupyter community has been accepted for AGU 2025 as
[IN029](https://agu.confex.com/agu/agu25/prelim.cgi/Session/252486):

> **Open Source Geospatial Workflows in the Cloud: Tools and Techniques for Data Access,
> Analysis, Visualization, Storytelling, and Sharing in the Python and Jupyter
> ecosystem**
>
> Open and fluid interoperability is increasingly crucial as geospatial data, from Earth
> system models to in-situ and remote observations, grow in size and complexity. This
> interoperability is both more challenging and impactful when workflows combine local
> and cloud platform resources. A growing ecosystem of science, education, and industry
> is emerging that shares open source tools and standards to democratize and facilitate
> access to data and compute. This session invites practitioners and developers
> exploring approaches to improve accessibility, usability, and capabilities of open
> source geospatial software, focusing on lowering technical barriers. By acknowledging
> both strengths and limitations of available tools, we aim to facilitate open
> conversations about what's working, what's missing, and what's next. We seek to
> convene tool builders and users to chart a more inclusive, community-driven path
> forward for open geospatial science, fostering better understanding of our world
> through enhanced access to data and computational resources.

We're excited to hear what you have to say at our session!

{button}`Submit an abstract to speak or present a poster <https://agu.confex.com/agu/agu25/prelim.cgi/Session/252486>`

**See you in New Orleans!** 🚀


## Invited speakers

_TBD_


## Organizers


### Primary Convener: Qiusheng Wu

_TODO: Insert mini-bio_


### Convener: Max Jones

_TODO: Insert mini-bio_


### Convener: Chelle Gentemann

_TODO: Insert mini-bio_


### Convener: Tyler Erickson

_TODO: Insert mini-bio_


### Organizer: Matt Fisher

👋 I'm a Community Manager and Research Software Engineer at
[Schmidt Center for Data Science & Environment](https://dse.berkeley.edu/) at UC
Berkeley.
I'm passionate about open source software, open science, and building culture and
structure to help people feel safe and comfortable contributint to scientific software
projects.

My primary project is [GeoJupyter](https://geojupyter.org/), a community that strives to
enable more people to confidently engage with geospatial data in the Jupyter ecosystem.
Our flagship project, bootstrapped by [QuantStack](https://quantstack.net/), is
[JupyterGIS](https://jupytergis.readthedocs.io/): a JupyterLab-native GIS environment
with real-time collaboration.
